c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\TFS_Map.dll
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\TFS_Map.pdb
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\TFS_Map_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\obj\Debug\TFS_Map.g.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\obj\Debug\TFS_Map.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\obj\Debug\TFS_Map.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\obj\Debug\TFS_Map.dll
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\obj\Debug\TFS_Map.pdb
c:\users\xxx\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\xxx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\xxx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\xxx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\xxx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\xxx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\xxx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\xxx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\xxx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\xxx\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFS_Map\TFS_Map\obj\Debug\TFS_Map.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
